The week of Nov. 11th
We finished the drafting and signing of the group contract and the discussion of the proposal, 
and roughly confirmed the content we need to implement and the corresponding algorithm.After that, along with the schedule, we began to learn about makefiles. 
After studying makefiles provided by MP and materials on Google for several times, we began to try to establish our own Makefiles. 
We implemented the read_valid_route and read_airport functions in dataIO.h and dataIO.cpp files. 
These two functions help us get the corresponding data and allow us to analyze the data in the following code.

The week of Nov.18th
As the course progresses, we begin to learn how to implement images in code. We created graph.h and graph.cpp. 
And we intend to construct graph using adjacent method. Based on the IO knowledge of the last week, 
we extracted the corresponding data from the file in the form of vector and map, 
and processed them as points of graph. We wrote calculate_distance to calculate the distance between two points, 
so as to assist in the judgment of the minimum path later.

The week of Nov.22th
This week we added fucntion to graph.cpp, and we wanted to be able to visualize our search process by printing gifs and png image. 
We studied the animation file in Mp Traversal and implement our own animation file. We ended up with something.
Through the lecture, we began to have a basic understanding of the graph algorithms, and learn how to practice the BFS algorithm in graphs.
We apply our knowledge learned in class to graphs.
The first time, we wanted to build a vector of ints from BFS, but in the end that didn't seem to fit our requirements. 
So we rewrote the BFS algorithm and implemented it with a double vector.At the same time, we began to study Dijkstra's algorithm.
we finish the shortest path algorithm and also implemented basic graphic output function for us to see.

The week of Nov.29th
Mid-point check. This week we made some changes to the Dijkstra algorithm to fit our project, and end up with a runnable Dijkstra,
Also, we made some changes to the draw image function and finish up the draw_img function. Also, we wrote the betweenness centrality
algorithm based on a paper. Also, we tried to implement the force-directed graph algorithm. This week we mainly tried to make our work 
runnable and fix some errors.

The week of Dec.9th
We made some changes to the project based on the advice purposed by our mentor. We included a first draft of the readme. Also, we write the
CMakeFile for us to compile and run using a simple command in every environment. Also, we made some improvements on the betweenness
centrality algorithm to show more airports and their importance using a different color. We tried to write more test cases to test our
current results. And we tried to improve our force-directed graph algorithm.
